Documentation for metrics (#815)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/releaseNotes/releaseNotes.md

Today we are releasing the next official preview of the `dotnet-monitor` tool. This release includes:

> - Added a new action to collect metrics on demand. (#68)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new HTTP route (`/collectmetrics`) to collect metrics on demand. (#68)
```
